Updated Umbraco Commerce Product Adapter docs to prevent confusion (#7255)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 15/umbraco-commerce/key-concepts/product-adapters.md

An example of a Product Adapter would look something like this:

```csharp
public class MyCustomProductAdapter : ProductAdapterBase
{
    public override Task<IProductSnapshot> GetProductSnapshotAsync(string productReference, string productVariantReference, string languageIsoCode)
    {
        // Lookup a product by productVariantReference and convert to IProductSnapshot
    }

    public override  Task<Attempt<(string ProductReference, string ProductVariantReference)>> TryGetProductReferenceAsync(Guid storeId, string sku)
    {
        // Try lookup a product / variant reference by store + sku
    }
}

```

All Product Adapters implement the `ProductAdapterBase` base class which requires two method implementations:

> * A `GetProductSnapshotAsync` methods that retrieve a Product Snapshot for either a product or product variant by reference parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A `GetProductSnapshotAsync` method that retrieves a Product Snapshot for either a product or a product variant by reference parameters.
```

## Registering a Product Adapter

Product Adapters are [registered via the IUmbracoCommerceBuilder](umbraco-commerce-builder.md) interface using the `AddUnique<IProductAdapter, TReplacementAdapter>()` method on the `Services` property. The `TReplacementAdapter` parameter is the type of our custom Product Adapter implementation.

{% hint style="info" %}

> It is important that you register your product adapter via the `IProductAdapter` interface rather than the `ProductAdapterBase` class. If the `IProductAdapter` displays an obsoletion warning, please ignore this. It is used to promote the use of the `ProductAdapterBase` base class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is important that you register your product adapter via the `IProductAdapter` interface rather than the `ProductAdapterBase` class. If the `IProductAdapter` displays an obsolete warning, kindly ignore this. It is used to promote the use of the `ProductAdapterBase` base class.
```
